# main.c

Definitions:
- MAX_PARTIAL_REFRESHES - Used to set how many partial refreshes are allowed before the screen forcibly fully refreshes to avoid damage and ghosting
- DISPLAY_TIMEOUT - Sets time (seconds) before the display goes into sleep.


## Setup
To setup the views and the display, a few initialisations are performed.
1. Initialise views. This is essentially constructing each view, which sets up structs.
    - Also uses ViewManager switchView to set the view to be the main menu.
2. Hardware - This first declares the I2C address for the display, then also sets a handler for termination to run stopHandler
3. Touch handling - Starts a thread to handle touch interactions
4. Display initialisation, first initialises to full refresh, then clears, then inits the GT library, then delays for a moment.
5. Setup the GUI library. The display contains a primitive library for a GUI, which I elected to use, it is given a pointer to an image buffer, and when paint functions are called draws to it.
6. Current view update and draw. Each view is responsible for drawing to an empty canvas each frame, so it must first update the state of a view, then draw it, before the display is shown.

## Main loop
The main loop repeats endlessly, and has the following stages
1. Check for touches, if a touch is detected, the touch function is called on the current view, which performs checks for bounds on the display.
2. Update current view. Each view has an update function that may change some state
3. Draw current view (if view requires it). To avoid continuous refresing, the view is only drawn when it has drawRequired set.
4. Draw newly updated buffer. Once the buffer has been drawn to, it increments the refreshTimer, and if it's greater than MAX_PARTIAL_REFRESHES, sets the display for a full refresh, performs the refresh then initialises it for partial refresh again.
Otherwise it does a partial refresh.

### Powersaving
When developing this I wanted to use it practically beside my bed, and played around with a battery shim on my Pi Zero 2W, I found the battery life to be sub par.
Sleep saving tries to help, after a period (DISPLAY_TIMEOUT seconds), the display goes into sleep, while in sleep, the main loop runs significantly slower (currently 100ms rather than 10ms). This significantly reduces the load on the CPU. It also puts the display to sleep so the display voltage is reset. The loop still performs update and draw, but when it is required to draw, it switches out of sleep mode again.